Dear Sonika,

So, it turns out that I'm not very good at this. This mtlb writing long paragraphs. So it won't be 3 pages, but ya let's see.

Ok, let's begin with our friendship. Of course, it is special. You said this too, on 5th July. Being so far, yet so close that it seems I'm a part of everything that happens with you and vice versa. Ya, it was pure chance that we happened to meet on a strange app and then turned into best of friends with time. I ta had never imagined that I'll get a friend too, on ablo..neither was trying to get. But ya, it happened...with efforts from both sides. So, you are my first girl bsf and I hope you will be the last. I 'fove' you.😉 Nice term this is. And ya, our friendship is too strong to decline once one of us goes to hostel. And you'll be in hostel by the time you're reading this, so my point would have been made. mp.. Just wanna tell you that I think about you more than you know. Ya, I'm an overthinker..So you should leave my mind alone every once in a while. I am really really grateful to have you as a friend and I adore our dosti alot.

Your birth date too, I had to tell you. You would have told me after 25th maybe, if I hadn't checked for myself. 
Your pranks...ughh, I kinda hate. When I'm getting pranked, I get sad and angry mostly.. with the exception of the latest prank in which I got a raised heartbeat and kinda excitement. But like when I know I've been pranked, I get a lil sad, ig. But ya, they're fun to remember afterwards. You should reduce pranking a lil, maybe.

Now let's come to Sonika, the person. Starting with looks, which I usually don't comment on. Sonika is a really beautiful girl with a cute face and great dressing sense too. Which makes her a really attractive and pretty girl, overall. Some of her photos are too hot to handle. Should post one or two on insta maybe. She has a really good heart. Thinks about others' feelings. She's a bit more emotional than required, though. Cries at small things. But it's okayyy.. She asks questions about life, love and relationships, which is good. She says that she doesn't believe in true love but I'm positive that she wants true love and will get too. She's really funny, makes me laugh a lot. And she has a sharp tongue, insults me alot(jokingly) always has comebacks on my insults. She's diligent too.. Cooks, cleans everything...knows her responsibilities... And ya, how did I forget her khatra memory... Damnn.. Doesn't forget a thing. So, she's smart. Good at studies too. Overall, a perfect package of a person.

And ya, you got sad for 2 days when I was making this website..wrote a longg memo..Goddd...I so wanted to tell you that I was busy with 'you' only. Ya, it takes time to make..

Okay, I think this is it.
So, wish you a very very very happy birthday, bsf.
 Janmadinako dherai dherai shubhkamana, priya sakhi. May you enjoy this day fully, and the rest of your days too. You deserve all the happiness there is and all the success you want.

Yours

Mim